Fix typo in rpm-build package name (#1638)
beeware/briefcase: changes/1638.bugfix.rst

> Fixed an typo in ``rpmbuild``'s package name from ``rpmbuild`` to  ``rpm-build`` for RPM based systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Briefcase can't find ``rpmbuild` on an RPM-based system, the message giving install instructions now uses the correct package name.
```
